## Dreams and Stories (newer up top)  

### 2006  
Sept. 10 2006: Kinda weird.  I was feeling kind of ill and I wake up late.  Pop kicks my bed and asks if I feel OK since it is 0800 and Im still at home.  We're all living together with Aunty Linda's family.  I have 3 cousins now?  See them coming out of a room crying all the time.  So walk in and tell them to stop fighting and crying because it's hurting the family.  Ma says yeah cant u see Uncle Larry, gotta find how to have him take ma somewhere.  I'm also concerned about school since I skipped some classes and I think I'm going to flunk again.  

Sept. 11 2006: FIrst part I'm back to our home on Date st.  Pass the Rozewski house and say "adios" to the gang in there who are sleeping.  Not sure what I'm doing down there in that area but looking for something.  Move onto a cold place with escalators.  I'm at the top of one set of escalators encased partially in ice.  I try to pretent I'm sleeping/dead so noone attacks me.  I see Eric Inouye and feign sleep.  Then I steal his case of dented frappucino cans.  A creature lurks around so I need to be vigilant, something starts chomping on my ice covered legs to help free me?  

Sept. 12 2006: First with some lady and setting it on then you know what happens.  Then go to vegas type place where its also like Sasebo Lodge.  I'm hurrying back to my room cuz someone is following me.  Rust but not run, fumble for my key.  Get in turn on the lights in a barron? room.  Then go to a place Thailand/Jamaica where I ride a beatup truck with someone with dreadlocks.  In the back of the pickup swaying around and spitting at street vendors (not me but other guys in the truck).  It's the wet festival too.  Stop by a Border's book store where they give small packets of hashish? Say no can do then say that in Singapore you get executed but a singapore girls with a shirt says no with that small amount.  An alarm goes off like a store alarm but it's my clock.  

Story, Frat Times: There are some things in life that should not have to be witnessed by anyone on this earth. My brother was on of these people who bore witness to these things. -He had an uncanny ability to sense events that were about to happen. -Strange habit of going on his own talking to himself wasn't sure but it seemed like our parents were afraid of him too. -battle of good vs. evit not only conducted in earth but in heavens before people even arrived on earth. -my place was to be the balance of good against my brother's evil. -at a young age, caught animals uncannily with his bare hands and took pleasure in squeezing these creatures to death with his hands. I had a similar effect to animals who loved me and freely came to me. I froliced with the creatures but never harmed them. Persuasion of my brother was out of the question. I stayed away as much as I could when wilderness was in view for I knew what was coming. -As young 1st graders he knew how to be cruel and laugh at his classmates bad fortune.  Scissors in the eye...did he do that.  I comforted them as he laughed to the principal's office. -We grew further and further apart with age.  The evil that seemed to consume him made me fearful of him yet he was still my brother and I could not hate him or hide from him as my other relatives seemed to do.  -I joined law enforcement, army or medical field job to help.  Reign in my brother as the serial killer he bbecame. A serial killer against handicap. Trust? is that killer is actually good for easing the passing of people close to death.  

Sept. 14, 2006: At school again, I'm getting ready for guard/grad? with Sheldon, Brian Tagami, Jimmy and some gal.  We are moving and cleaning the area, moving mopeds and stuff out.  The guys head out while I wake up late.  Take a shower at an outdoor shower where I'm nekkid.  Guys come back and talk to house (that we are living in) owner and grounds keeper.  Afraid that I may not pass physics again but I'm taking a sabbatical and finish up.  Move on to flag waving thing where some guy is giving away free flags with a lot of singapore and canada flags but not many UK.  Everyone fights for the flags?  I dont end up with any.  

Sept. 21, 2006: In Vegas at some slot machine place (maybe on base) played some slots with nickels and I wont $25.  I go to cash out get receipt then get money.  See Jean working for casino her coworkers lady working in front says if I still get monthly brochures.  I say no cuz im in Japan overseas.  I yell to them then wake up.  

Sept. 22, 2006: I'm in some sort of indoor place which seems like an internal cave but it is an ice skating rink with a hockey game going on.  I start walking across the ice then the cavern starts to collapse from the roof.  I get out in time.  2nd: some sort of cross country marathon with a lot of rocks like near the top of Mt. Fuji.  I go down really quickly without much damage.  I'm ahead but stop to get some food at a japan food vendor.  Food takes a while so people start catching up.  

Sept. 23, 2006: Went out to a lounge with some of Eric Lai's friends, Nancy? from Singapore who moved to Hong Kong was at the Swissotel  Getting tired and head to my room they don't want me to go.  I wake up and try to find them.  Room service is slow to give me towels and I stumble out with only my scivvies and no shirt.  Go up and down elevator with hangover drunkiness.  Friday found out they stayed at the lounge all night then crashed.  

Story, Accident Prone: Live life as an accident prone girl.  When she was a baby she crawled out of bed and fell splitting her head and almost died. -Got the nickname, Injury Annie. -As she got older it seems? that her accidents seem? to go in a little bubble that encompasses people around her.  The time and when is not known but Annie felt strange & poorly about the black cloud that surrounds her. -Accidents occur that have profound effects on someone. She realizes that the cloud is not a black one but a silver lined one such as fire occuring at an orphanage which burns a good friend but changed his life.  He helps children and wins a nobel prize or a traffic accident that kills all but her, parent serverely hurt starts MADD or something with criminals that would affect crime and prisons in the future.  Island or isolated place for the extremem prisoners have them fight amongst themseleves.  The penal colony has a politician at 20yrs who helped to push certain political views and would not be there (to change the world) except for Annie but she doesn't know how she affected this and tries to find out.  -Annie realizes that certain interaction with people was meant to occur for this reason.  Maybe she was sent back in time t for this reason.  

10.4.2006: She did not take my statement that I would be leaving well.  I got to know Tuan very well during the past 6 months.  She was here for me when I needed someone and here I was leaving her.  The circumstances of our meeting was unique to me at least.  Perhaps I felt a bit odd since I was in a warzone with battles raging around me when I met her.  

My life in the drug cartel started during college No I was not a drug runner, let me explain...Recruited during my computer science college days to work for cartels after graduation as an IT technician.  I would hange with the rich son and soon do more than just IT.  Should I stay as an informant or go down the path of the son as an art/jewelry theif...join him?  

The sleepless nights that I experience so much are fewer and farther between than they used to be.  They still do occur though.  I feart that until I die you will continue to haunt me.  I have tried to forget and move on but I dont like being in a relationship that is not passionate on multiple levels.  Yes, I know we are so different as to be not compatible.  Yes I know time "may" heal all wounds but I dont think I'm wounded and need curing.  I just wished I could continue down my path without hruting anyone I meet.  Yes I've met some people and not thinking of them doesn't make me lose sleep.  

Story, Diplomatic Immunity: Out of control some serial killer.  US embassy employee working overseas in Russia or some other site rotating every two years.  Kills someone maybe more than one then leaves the country.  

Story, Golfing in Japan: I've lived in Hawaii for all my life and actually went to the driving range a few times as a youngin with some friend's clubs but never really hit the links until I made it to Atsugi in Japan.  Coming down to Sasebo, I discovered that golf can be a pretty expensive game.  Some 18 holes at Japan courses may be up to 18000Y, youzers this is no $20 green fee here.  The first rournament I was up for in someplace that I cannot remember the name of was quite rich and I had my first 4 seat golf cart running on electric power.  The ride was excellent but there was a tendency to skid with all the weight.  These 4 person carts was no fun for an Atsugi vet like me cuz we couldn't go and drive on the course, it was strictly stay on the cart thing.  I ended up sweating a lot on this humid summer day.  There was a couple of interesting tee offs on the nine holes I played.  My arm was killing me so I didn't play the back 9.  One tee was across the valley on to a green which I did.  The next hole was one that you teed off an elevated area and had to get the ball acreoss a pond which I didn't do since my ball almost went airborn, but didnt.  Tsukumo is a nine hole place that is pretty cool.  The really interesting thing is the electrical strip that the cart follows.  There is a remote to make the cart go and stop but there is no way to reverse or pass orther peopel. snakes on the course too.  

Story, the driver: The driver licked his lips with anticipation as Enrique sat down in the passenger seat besides him.  He was in his mid 30s with a hardened (description?) look accentuated by the creases on his forehead and slightly crooked goatee.  His pudge cheeks gave an air of youthfullness and made people who met him want to squeeze his cheeks.  These people were never a passenger in a car driven by him. -Enrique has ridden with this fellow before and buckled in and sat quietly as the driver slipped on his designer leather gloves and porsche sunglasses.  -The driver did have the skill to drive his newly acquired Saleen Mustang but the way he drove was a seat of the pants no holds barred experience that made all the passengers think they were going to have an accident.  He never did have an accident when he had pasengers though.  Passengers were important and he never would risk the vies of his quarry.  He could just drive slowly but no he didn't do that though, never.  The car rumbled to life as the driver turned the key.  He moved his lips as if he was speaking to his car.  After a few seconds he disengaged his clutch put his car and ear and drove offo.  


